docs/components/button-group.md, before:

# Button Group

<p class="lead">Group a series of buttons together on a single line with the button group, and super-power them with JavaScript.</p>

Wrap a series of buttons with `.btn` in `.btn-group.` Add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with our buttons plugin.

<example>
    <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Basic example">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
</example>

## Button Toolbar

Combine sets of button groups into button toolbars for more complex components. Use utility classes as needed to space out groups, buttons, and more.

<example>
    <div class="btn-toolbar" role="toolbar" aria-label="Toolbar with button groups">
        <div class="btn-group mr-2" role="group" aria-label="First group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">3</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">4</button>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group mr-2" role="group" aria-label="Second group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">5</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">6</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">7</button>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Third group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">8</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

Feel free to mix input groups with button groups in your toolbars. Similar to the example above, you’ll likely need some utilities though to space things properly.

<example>
    <div class="btn-toolbar mb-3" role="toolbar" aria-label="Toolbar with button groups">
        <div class="btn-group mr-2" role="group" aria-label="First group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">3</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">4</button>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group">
            <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text" id="btnGroupAddon">@</div>
            </div>
            <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Input group example" aria-label="Input group example" aria-describedby="btnGroupAddon">
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="btn-toolbar justify-content-between" role="toolbar" aria-label="Toolbar with button groups">
        <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="First group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">3</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">4</button>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group">
            <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text" id="btnGroupAddon2">@</div>
            </div>
            <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Input group example" aria-label="Input group example" aria-describedby="btnGroupAddon2">
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Sizing

Instead of applying button sizing classes to every button in a group, just add `.btn-group-*` to each `.btn-group`, including each one when nesting multiple groups.

<example>
    <div class="btn-group btn-group-lg" role="group" aria-label="Large button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
    <br>
    <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Default button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
    <br>
    <div class="btn-group btn-group-sm" role="group" aria-label="Small button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
</example>

## Nesting

Place a `.btn-group` within another `.btn-group` when you want dropdown menus mixed with a series of buttons.

<example>
    <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Button group with nested dropdown">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupDrop1" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupDrop1">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Vertical variation

Make a set of buttons appear vertically stacked rather than horizontally. **Split button dropdowns are not supported here.**

<example>
    <div class="btn-group-vertical" role="group" aria-label="Vertical button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
    </div>
</example>

<example>
    <div class="btn-group-vertical" role="group" aria-label="Vertical button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop1" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop1">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop2" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop2">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop3" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop3">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop4" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop4">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

Commit message:

customize bootstrap with ua branding

docs/components/button-group.md, after:

---
title: 'Button Group'
description: 'Group a series of buttons together on a single line with the button group, and super-power them with JavaScript.'
bootstrapLink: ''
---

Wrap a series of buttons with `.btn` in `.btn-group.` Add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with our buttons plugin.

<example>
    <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Basic example">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
</example>

## Button Toolbar

Combine sets of button groups into button toolbars for more complex components. Use utility classes as needed to space out groups, buttons, and more.

<example>
    <div class="btn-toolbar" role="toolbar" aria-label="Toolbar with button groups">
        <div class="btn-group mr-2" role="group" aria-label="First group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">3</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">4</button>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group mr-2" role="group" aria-label="Second group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">5</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">6</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">7</button>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Third group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">8</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

Feel free to mix input groups with button groups in your toolbars. Similar to the example above, you’ll likely need some utilities though to space things properly.

<example>
    <div class="btn-toolbar mb-3" role="toolbar" aria-label="Toolbar with button groups">
        <div class="btn-group mr-2" role="group" aria-label="First group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">3</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">4</button>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group">
            <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text" id="btnGroupAddon">@</div>
            </div>
            <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Input group example" aria-label="Input group example" aria-describedby="btnGroupAddon">
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="btn-toolbar justify-content-between" role="toolbar" aria-label="Toolbar with button groups">
        <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="First group">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">3</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">4</button>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group">
            <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text" id="btnGroupAddon2">@</div>
            </div>
            <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Input group example" aria-label="Input group example" aria-describedby="btnGroupAddon2">
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Sizing

Instead of applying button sizing classes to every button in a group, just add `.btn-group-*` to each `.btn-group`, including each one when nesting multiple groups.

<example>
    <div class="btn-group btn-group-lg" role="group" aria-label="Large button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
    <br>
    <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Default button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
    <br>
    <div class="btn-group btn-group-sm" role="group" aria-label="Small button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Left</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Middle</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Right</button>
    </div>
</example>

## Nesting

Place a `.btn-group` within another `.btn-group` when you want dropdown menus mixed with a series of buttons.

<example>
    <div class="btn-group" role="group" aria-label="Button group with nested dropdown">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">1</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">2</button>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupDrop1" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupDrop1">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Vertical variation

Make a set of buttons appear vertically stacked rather than horizontally. **Split button dropdowns are not supported here.**

<example>
    <div class="btn-group-vertical" role="group" aria-label="Vertical button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
    </div>
</example>

<example>
    <div class="btn-group-vertical" role="group" aria-label="Vertical button group">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop1" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop1">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Button</button>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop2" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop2">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop3" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop3">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-group" role="group">
            <button id="btnGroupVerticalDrop4" type="button" class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
                Dropdown
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="btnGroupVerticalDrop4">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Dropdown link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>
