docs/components/input-group.md, before:

# Input Group

<p class="lead">Easily extend form controls by adding text, buttons, or button groups on either side of textual inputs, custom selects, and custom file inputs.</p>

## Basic example

Place one add-on or button on either side of an input. You may also place one on both sides of an input. Remember to place `<label>`s outside the input group.

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="basic-addon1">@</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Username" aria-label="Username" aria-describedby="basic-addon1">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Recipient's username" aria-label="Recipient's username" aria-describedby="basic-addon2">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="basic-addon2">@example.com</span>
        </div>
    </div>
    <label for="basic-url">Your vanity URL</label>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="basic-addon3">https://example.com/users/</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" id="basic-url" aria-describedby="basic-addon3">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">$</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Amount (to the nearest dollar)">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text">.00</span>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">With textarea</span>
        </div>
        <textarea class="form-control" aria-label="With textarea"></textarea>
    </div>
</example>

## Sizing

Add the relative form sizing classes to the `.input-group` itself and contents within will automatically resize—no need for repeating the form control size classes on each element.

**Sizing on the individual input group elements isn't supported.**

<example>
    <div class="input-group input-group-sm mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroup-sizing-sm">Small</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Sizing example input" aria-describedby="inputGroup-sizing-sm">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroup-sizing-default">Default</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Sizing example input" aria-describedby="inputGroup-sizing-default">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group input-group-lg">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroup-sizing-lg">Large</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Sizing example input" aria-describedby="inputGroup-sizing-lg">
    </div>
</example>

## Checkboxes and radios

Place any checkbox or radio option within an input group's addon instead of text.

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text">
                <input type="checkbox" aria-label="Checkbox for following text input">
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with checkbox">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text">
                <input type="radio" aria-label="Radio button for following text input">
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with radio button">
    </div>
</example>

## Multiple inputs

While multiple `<input>`s are supported visually, validation styles are only available for input groups with a single `<input>`.

<example>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">First and last name</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" aria-label="First name" class="form-control">
        <input type="text" aria-label="Last name" class="form-control">
    </div>
</example>

## Multiple addons

Multiple add-ons are supported and can be mixed with checkbox and radio input versions.

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">$</span>
            <span class="input-group-text">0.00</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Dollar amount (with dot and two decimal places)">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Dollar amount (with dot and two decimal places)">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text">$</span>
            <span class="input-group-text">0.00</span>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Button addons

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="button-addon1">Button</button>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="" aria-label="Example text with button addon" aria-describedby="button-addon1">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Recipient's username" aria-label="Recipient's username" aria-describedby="button-addon2">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="button-addon2">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend" id="button-addon3">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="" aria-label="Example text with two button addons" aria-describedby="button-addon3">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Recipient's username" aria-label="Recipient's username with two button addons" aria-describedby="button-addon4">
        <div class="input-group-append" id="button-addon4">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Buttons with dropdowns

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle" type="button" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">Dropdown</button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with dropdown button">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with dropdown button">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle" type="button" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">Dropdown</button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Segmented buttons

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary">Action</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle dropdown-toggle-split" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle Dropdown</span>
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with segmented dropdown button">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with segmented dropdown button">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary">Action</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle dropdown-toggle-split" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle Dropdown</span>
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Custom forms

Input groups include support for custom selects and custom file inputs. Browser default versions of these are not supported.

### Custom select

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <label class="input-group-text" for="inputGroupSelect01">Options</label>
        </div>
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect01">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect02">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <label class="input-group-text" for="inputGroupSelect02">Options</label>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect03" aria-label="Example select with button addon">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect04" aria-label="Example select with button addon">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

### Custom file input

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroupFileAddon01">Upload</span>
        </div>
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile01" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon01">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile01">Choose file</label>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile02">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile02" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon02">Choose file</label>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroupFileAddon02">Upload</span>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="inputGroupFileAddon03">Button</button>
        </div>
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile03" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon03">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile03">Choose file</label>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile04" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon04">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile04">Choose file</label>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="inputGroupFileAddon04">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Accessibility

Screen readers will have trouble with your forms if you don't include a label for every input. For these input groups, ensure that any additional label or functionality is conveyed to assistive technologies.

The exact technique to be used (`<label>` elements hidden using the `.sr-only` class, or use of the `aria-label` and `aria-labelledby` attributes, possibly in combination with `aria-describedby`) and what additional information will need to be conveyed will vary depending on the exact type of interface widget you're implementing. The examples in this section provide a few suggested, case-specific approaches.

Commit message:

customize bootstrap with ua branding

docs/components/input-group.md, after:

---
title: 'Input Group'
description: 'Easily extend form controls by adding text, buttons, or button groups on either side of textual inputs, custom selects, and custom file inputs.'
bootstrapLink: ''
---

## Basic example

Place one add-on or button on either side of an input. You may also place one on both sides of an input. Remember to place `<label>`s outside the input group.

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="basic-addon1">@</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Username" aria-label="Username" aria-describedby="basic-addon1">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Recipient's username" aria-label="Recipient's username" aria-describedby="basic-addon2">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="basic-addon2">@example.com</span>
        </div>
    </div>
    <label for="basic-url">Your vanity URL</label>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="basic-addon3">https://example.com/users/</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" id="basic-url" aria-describedby="basic-addon3">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">$</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Amount (to the nearest dollar)">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text">.00</span>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">With textarea</span>
        </div>
        <textarea class="form-control" aria-label="With textarea"></textarea>
    </div>
</example>

## Sizing

Add the relative form sizing classes to the `.input-group` itself and contents within will automatically resize—no need for repeating the form control size classes on each element.

**Sizing on the individual input group elements isn't supported.**

<example>
    <div class="input-group input-group-sm mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroup-sizing-sm">Small</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Sizing example input" aria-describedby="inputGroup-sizing-sm">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroup-sizing-default">Default</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Sizing example input" aria-describedby="inputGroup-sizing-default">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group input-group-lg">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroup-sizing-lg">Large</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Sizing example input" aria-describedby="inputGroup-sizing-lg">
    </div>
</example>

## Checkboxes and radios

Place any checkbox or radio option within an input group's addon instead of text.

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text">
                <input type="checkbox" aria-label="Checkbox for following text input">
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with checkbox">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <div class="input-group-text">
                <input type="radio" aria-label="Radio button for following text input">
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with radio button">
    </div>
</example>

## Multiple inputs

While multiple `<input>`s are supported visually, validation styles are only available for input groups with a single `<input>`.

<example>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">First and last name</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" aria-label="First name" class="form-control">
        <input type="text" aria-label="Last name" class="form-control">
    </div>
</example>

## Multiple addons

Multiple add-ons are supported and can be mixed with checkbox and radio input versions.

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text">$</span>
            <span class="input-group-text">0.00</span>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Dollar amount (with dot and two decimal places)">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Dollar amount (with dot and two decimal places)">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text">$</span>
            <span class="input-group-text">0.00</span>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Button addons

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="button-addon1">Button</button>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="" aria-label="Example text with button addon" aria-describedby="button-addon1">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Recipient's username" aria-label="Recipient's username" aria-describedby="button-addon2">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="button-addon2">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend" id="button-addon3">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="" aria-label="Example text with two button addons" aria-describedby="button-addon3">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="Recipient's username" aria-label="Recipient's username with two button addons" aria-describedby="button-addon4">
        <div class="input-group-append" id="button-addon4">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Buttons with dropdowns

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle" type="button" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">Dropdown</button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with dropdown button">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with dropdown button">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle" type="button" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">Dropdown</button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Segmented buttons

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary">Action</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle dropdown-toggle-split" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle Dropdown</span>
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with segmented dropdown button">
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" aria-label="Text input with segmented dropdown button">
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary">Action</button>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-outline-secondary dropdown-toggle dropdown-toggle-split" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle Dropdown</span>
            </button>
            <div class="dropdown-menu">
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a>
                <div role="separator" class="dropdown-divider"></div>
                <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Custom forms

Input groups include support for custom selects and custom file inputs. Browser default versions of these are not supported.

### Custom select

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <label class="input-group-text" for="inputGroupSelect01">Options</label>
        </div>
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect01">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect02">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <label class="input-group-text" for="inputGroupSelect02">Options</label>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect03" aria-label="Example select with button addon">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <select class="custom-select" id="inputGroupSelect04" aria-label="Example select with button addon">
            <option selected>Choose...</option>
            <option value="1">One</option>
            <option value="2">Two</option>
            <option value="3">Three</option>
        </select>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

### Custom file input

<example>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroupFileAddon01">Upload</span>
        </div>
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile01" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon01">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile01">Choose file</label>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile02">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile02" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon02">Choose file</label>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <span class="input-group-text" id="inputGroupFileAddon02">Upload</span>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group mb-3">
        <div class="input-group-prepend">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="inputGroupFileAddon03">Button</button>
        </div>
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile03" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon03">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile03">Choose file</label>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="input-group">
        <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" id="inputGroupFile04" aria-describedby="inputGroupFileAddon04">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="inputGroupFile04">Choose file</label>
        </div>
        <div class="input-group-append">
            <button class="btn btn-outline-secondary" type="button" id="inputGroupFileAddon04">Button</button>
        </div>
    </div>
</example>

## Accessibility

Screen readers will have trouble with your forms if you don't include a label for every input. For these input groups, ensure that any additional label or functionality is conveyed to assistive technologies.

The exact technique to be used (`<label>` elements hidden using the `.sr-only` class, or use of the `aria-label` and `aria-labelledby` attributes, possibly in combination with `aria-describedby`) and what additional information will need to be conveyed will vary depending on the exact type of interface widget you're implementing. The examples in this section provide a few suggested, case-specific approaches.
