docs/components/list-group.md, before:

# List Group

<p class="lead">List groups are a flexible and powerful component for displaying a series of content. Modify and extend them to support just about any content within.</p>

## Basic example

The most basic list group is an unordered list with list items and the proper classes. Build upon it with the options that follow, or with your own CSS as needed.

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Active items

Add `.active` to a `.list-group-item` to indicate the current active selection.

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item active">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Disabled items

Add `.disabled` to a `.list-group-item` to make it _appear_ disabled. Note that some elements with `.disabled` will also require custom JavaScript to fully disable their click events (e.g., links).

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item disabled">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Links and buttons

Use `<a>`s or `<button>`s to create _actionable_ list group items with hover, disabled, and active states by adding `.list-group-item-action`. We separate these pseudo-classes to ensure list groups made of non-interactive elements (like `<li>`s or `<div>`s) don't provide a click or tap affordance.

Be sure to **not use the standard `.btn` classes here**.

<example>
    <div class="list-group">
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action active">
            Cras justo odio
        </a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Dapibus ac facilisis in</a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Morbi leo risus</a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Porta ac consectetur ac</a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action disabled">Vestibulum at eros</a>
    </div>
</example>

With `<button>`s, you can also make use of the `disabled` attribute instead of the `.disabled` class. Sadly, `<a>`s don't support the disabled attribute.

<example>
    <div class="list-group">
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action active">
            Cras justo odio
        </button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Dapibus ac facilisis in</button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Morbi leo risus</button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Porta ac consectetur ac</button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" disabled>Vestibulum at eros</button>
    </div>
</example>

## Flush

Add `.list-group-flush` to remove some borders and rounded corners to render list group items edge-to-edge in a parent container (e.g., cards).

<example>
    <ul class="list-group list-group-flush">
        <li class="list-group-item">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Contextual classes

Use contextual classes to style list items with a stateful background and color.

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <!-- <li v-for="(color,key) in colors" :key="key" 
        class="list-group-item" :class="['list-group-item-' + color]">
            A simple {{ color }} list group item
        </li> -->
    </ul>
</example>

Contextual classes also work with `.list-group-item-action`. Note the addition of the hover styles here not present in the previous example. Also supported is the `.active` state; apply it to indicate an active selection on a contextual list group item.

<example>
    <div class="list-group">
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Dapibus ac facilisis in</a>
        <!-- <a v-for="(color,key) in colors" :key="key" 
        class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" :class="['list-group-item-' + color]">
            A simple {{ color }} list group item
        </a> -->
    </div>
</example>

## With badges

Add badges to any list group item to show unread counts, activity, and more with the help of some [utilities]().

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item d-flex justify-content-between align-items-center">
            Cras justo odio
            <span class="badge badge-primary badge-pill">14</span>
        </li>
        <li class="list-group-item d-flex justify-content-between align-items-center">
            Dapibus ac facilisis in
            <span class="badge badge-primary badge-pill">2</span>
        </li>
        <li class="list-group-item d-flex justify-content-between align-items-center">
            Morbi leo risus
            <span class="badge badge-primary badge-pill">1</span>
        </li>
    </ul>
</example>

Add nearly any HTML within, even for linked list groups like the one below, with the help of [flexbox utilities]().

<example>
<div class="list-group">
    <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action flex-column align-items-start active">
        <div class="d-flex w-100 justify-content-between">
            <h5 class="mb-1">List group item heading</h5>
            <small>3 days ago</small>
        </div>
        <p class="mb-1">Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Maecenas sed diam eget risus varius blandit.</p>
        <small>Donec id elit non mi porta.</small>
    </a>
    <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action flex-column align-items-start">
        <div class="d-flex w-100 justify-content-between">
            <h5 class="mb-1">List group item heading</h5>
            <small class="text-muted">3 days ago</small>
        </div>
        <p class="mb-1">Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Maecenas sed diam eget risus varius blandit.</p>
        <small class="text-muted">Donec id elit non mi porta.</small>
    </a>
    <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action flex-column align-items-start">
        <div class="d-flex w-100 justify-content-between">
            <h5 class="mb-1">List group item heading</h5>
            <small class="text-muted">3 days ago</small>
        </div>
        <p class="mb-1">Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Maecenas sed diam eget risus varius blandit.</p>
        <small class="text-muted">Donec id elit non mi porta.</small>
    </a>
</div>
</example>

## JavaScript behavior

Use the tab JavaScript plugin—include it individually or through the compiled `bootstrap.js` file—to extend our list group to create tabbable panes of local content.

<example>
<div class="bd-example" role="tabpanel">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-4">
      <div class="list-group" id="list-tab" role="tablist">
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action active" id="list-home-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-home" role="tab" aria-controls="list-home">Home</a>
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" id="list-profile-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-profile" role="tab" aria-controls="list-profile">Profile</a>
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" id="list-messages-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-messages" role="tab" aria-controls="list-messages">Messages</a>
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" id="list-settings-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-settings" role="tab" aria-controls="list-settings">Settings</a>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-8">
      <div class="tab-content" id="nav-tabContent">
        <div class="tab-pane fade show active" id="list-home" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-home-list">
          <p>Velit aute mollit ipsum ad dolor consectetur nulla officia culpa adipisicing exercitation fugiat tempor. Voluptate deserunt sit sunt nisi aliqua fugiat proident ea ut. Mollit voluptate reprehenderit occaecat nisi ad non minim tempor sunt voluptate consectetur exercitation id ut nulla. Ea et fugiat aliquip nostrud sunt incididunt consectetur culpa aliquip eiusmod dolor. Anim ad Lorem aliqua in cupidatat nisi enim eu nostrud do aliquip veniam minim.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="tab-pane fade" id="list-profile" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-profile-list">
          <p>Cupidatat quis ad sint excepteur laborum in esse qui. Et excepteur consectetur ex nisi eu do cillum ad laborum. Mollit et eu officia dolore sunt Lorem culpa qui commodo velit ex amet id ex. Officia anim incididunt laboris deserunt anim aute dolor incididunt veniam aute dolore do exercitation. Dolor nisi culpa ex ad irure in elit eu dolore. Ad laboris ipsum reprehenderit irure non commodo enim culpa commodo veniam incididunt veniam ad.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="tab-pane fade" id="list-messages" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-messages-list">
          <p>Ut ut do pariatur aliquip aliqua aliquip exercitation do nostrud commodo reprehenderit aute ipsum voluptate. Irure Lorem et laboris nostrud amet cupidatat cupidatat anim do ut velit mollit consequat enim tempor. Consectetur est minim nostrud nostrud consectetur irure labore voluptate irure. Ipsum id Lorem sit sint voluptate est pariatur eu ad cupidatat et deserunt culpa sit eiusmod deserunt. Consectetur et fugiat anim do eiusmod aliquip nulla laborum elit adipisicing pariatur cillum.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="tab-pane fade" id="list-settings" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-settings-list">
          <p>Irure enim occaecat labore sit qui aliquip reprehenderit amet velit. Deserunt ullamco ex elit nostrud ut dolore nisi officia magna sit occaecat laboris sunt dolor. Nisi eu minim cillum occaecat aute est cupidatat aliqua labore aute occaecat ea aliquip sunt amet. Aute mollit dolor ut exercitation irure commodo non amet consectetur quis amet culpa. Quis ullamco nisi amet qui aute irure eu. Magna labore dolor quis ex labore id nostrud deserunt dolor eiusmod eu pariatur culpa mollit in irure.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</example>

For more information on using bootstrap's included javascript, see the [bootstrap documentation site](http://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/components/list-group/#javascript-behavior).

Commit message:

customize bootstrap with ua branding

docs/components/list-group.md, after:

---
title: 'List Group'
description: 'List groups are a flexible and powerful component for displaying a series of content. Modify and extend them to support just about any content within.'
bootstrapLink: ''
---

## Basic example

The most basic list group is an unordered list with list items and the proper classes. Build upon it with the options that follow, or with your own CSS as needed.

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Active items

Add `.active` to a `.list-group-item` to indicate the current active selection.

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item active">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Disabled items

Add `.disabled` to a `.list-group-item` to make it _appear_ disabled. Note that some elements with `.disabled` will also require custom JavaScript to fully disable their click events (e.g., links).

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item disabled">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Links and buttons

Use `<a>`s or `<button>`s to create _actionable_ list group items with hover, disabled, and active states by adding `.list-group-item-action`. We separate these pseudo-classes to ensure list groups made of non-interactive elements (like `<li>`s or `<div>`s) don't provide a click or tap affordance.

Be sure to **not use the standard `.btn` classes here**.

<example>
    <div class="list-group">
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action active">
            Cras justo odio
        </a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Dapibus ac facilisis in</a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Morbi leo risus</a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Porta ac consectetur ac</a>
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action disabled">Vestibulum at eros</a>
    </div>
</example>

With `<button>`s, you can also make use of the `disabled` attribute instead of the `.disabled` class. Sadly, `<a>`s don't support the disabled attribute.

<example>
    <div class="list-group">
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action active">
            Cras justo odio
        </button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Dapibus ac facilisis in</button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Morbi leo risus</button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Porta ac consectetur ac</button>
        <button type="button" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" disabled>Vestibulum at eros</button>
    </div>
</example>

## Flush

Add `.list-group-flush` to remove some borders and rounded corners to render list group items edge-to-edge in a parent container (e.g., cards).

<example>
    <ul class="list-group list-group-flush">
        <li class="list-group-item">Cras justo odio</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Morbi leo risus</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Porta ac consectetur ac</li>
        <li class="list-group-item">Vestibulum at eros</li>
    </ul>
</example>

## Contextual classes

Use contextual classes to style list items with a stateful background and color.

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item">Dapibus ac facilisis in</li>
        <!-- <li v-for="(color,key) in colors" :key="key" 
        class="list-group-item" :class="['list-group-item-' + color]">
            A simple {{ color }} list group item
        </li> -->
    </ul>
</example>

Contextual classes also work with `.list-group-item-action`. Note the addition of the hover styles here not present in the previous example. Also supported is the `.active` state; apply it to indicate an active selection on a contextual list group item.

<example>
    <div class="list-group">
        <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action">Dapibus ac facilisis in</a>
        <!-- <a v-for="(color,key) in colors" :key="key" 
        class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" :class="['list-group-item-' + color]">
            A simple {{ color }} list group item
        </a> -->
    </div>
</example>

## With badges

Add badges to any list group item to show unread counts, activity, and more with the help of some [utilities]().

<example>
    <ul class="list-group">
        <li class="list-group-item d-flex justify-content-between align-items-center">
            Cras justo odio
            <span class="badge badge-primary badge-pill">14</span>
        </li>
        <li class="list-group-item d-flex justify-content-between align-items-center">
            Dapibus ac facilisis in
            <span class="badge badge-primary badge-pill">2</span>
        </li>
        <li class="list-group-item d-flex justify-content-between align-items-center">
            Morbi leo risus
            <span class="badge badge-primary badge-pill">1</span>
        </li>
    </ul>
</example>

Add nearly any HTML within, even for linked list groups like the one below, with the help of [flexbox utilities]().

<example>
<div class="list-group">
    <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action flex-column align-items-start active">
        <div class="d-flex w-100 justify-content-between">
            <h5 class="mb-1">List group item heading</h5>
            <small>3 days ago</small>
        </div>
        <p class="mb-1">Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Maecenas sed diam eget risus varius blandit.</p>
        <small>Donec id elit non mi porta.</small>
    </a>
    <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action flex-column align-items-start">
        <div class="d-flex w-100 justify-content-between">
            <h5 class="mb-1">List group item heading</h5>
            <small class="text-muted">3 days ago</small>
        </div>
        <p class="mb-1">Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Maecenas sed diam eget risus varius blandit.</p>
        <small class="text-muted">Donec id elit non mi porta.</small>
    </a>
    <a href="#" class="list-group-item list-group-item-action flex-column align-items-start">
        <div class="d-flex w-100 justify-content-between">
            <h5 class="mb-1">List group item heading</h5>
            <small class="text-muted">3 days ago</small>
        </div>
        <p class="mb-1">Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Maecenas sed diam eget risus varius blandit.</p>
        <small class="text-muted">Donec id elit non mi porta.</small>
    </a>
</div>
</example>

## JavaScript behavior

Use the tab JavaScript plugin—include it individually or through the compiled `bootstrap.js` file—to extend our list group to create tabbable panes of local content.

<example>
<div class="bd-example" role="tabpanel">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-4">
      <div class="list-group" id="list-tab" role="tablist">
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action active" id="list-home-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-home" role="tab" aria-controls="list-home">Home</a>
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" id="list-profile-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-profile" role="tab" aria-controls="list-profile">Profile</a>
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" id="list-messages-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-messages" role="tab" aria-controls="list-messages">Messages</a>
        <a class="list-group-item list-group-item-action" id="list-settings-list" data-toggle="tab" href="#list-settings" role="tab" aria-controls="list-settings">Settings</a>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-8">
      <div class="tab-content" id="nav-tabContent">
        <div class="tab-pane fade show active" id="list-home" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-home-list">
          <p>Velit aute mollit ipsum ad dolor consectetur nulla officia culpa adipisicing exercitation fugiat tempor. Voluptate deserunt sit sunt nisi aliqua fugiat proident ea ut. Mollit voluptate reprehenderit occaecat nisi ad non minim tempor sunt voluptate consectetur exercitation id ut nulla. Ea et fugiat aliquip nostrud sunt incididunt consectetur culpa aliquip eiusmod dolor. Anim ad Lorem aliqua in cupidatat nisi enim eu nostrud do aliquip veniam minim.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="tab-pane fade" id="list-profile" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-profile-list">
          <p>Cupidatat quis ad sint excepteur laborum in esse qui. Et excepteur consectetur ex nisi eu do cillum ad laborum. Mollit et eu officia dolore sunt Lorem culpa qui commodo velit ex amet id ex. Officia anim incididunt laboris deserunt anim aute dolor incididunt veniam aute dolore do exercitation. Dolor nisi culpa ex ad irure in elit eu dolore. Ad laboris ipsum reprehenderit irure non commodo enim culpa commodo veniam incididunt veniam ad.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="tab-pane fade" id="list-messages" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-messages-list">
          <p>Ut ut do pariatur aliquip aliqua aliquip exercitation do nostrud commodo reprehenderit aute ipsum voluptate. Irure Lorem et laboris nostrud amet cupidatat cupidatat anim do ut velit mollit consequat enim tempor. Consectetur est minim nostrud nostrud consectetur irure labore voluptate irure. Ipsum id Lorem sit sint voluptate est pariatur eu ad cupidatat et deserunt culpa sit eiusmod deserunt. Consectetur et fugiat anim do eiusmod aliquip nulla laborum elit adipisicing pariatur cillum.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="tab-pane fade" id="list-settings" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="list-settings-list">
          <p>Irure enim occaecat labore sit qui aliquip reprehenderit amet velit. Deserunt ullamco ex elit nostrud ut dolore nisi officia magna sit occaecat laboris sunt dolor. Nisi eu minim cillum occaecat aute est cupidatat aliqua labore aute occaecat ea aliquip sunt amet. Aute mollit dolor ut exercitation irure commodo non amet consectetur quis amet culpa. Quis ullamco nisi amet qui aute irure eu. Magna labore dolor quis ex labore id nostrud deserunt dolor eiusmod eu pariatur culpa mollit in irure.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</example>

For more information on using bootstrap's included javascript, see the [bootstrap documentation site](http://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/components/list-group/#javascript-behavior).
